[Music]
hey it's like some Android central I'm
here with the official wireless charging
kit for the samsung galaxy s4 so here's
our galaxy s4 right now we've got the
standard back cover on there that's just
the basic sheet of plastic doesn't do
anything particularly fancy but replace
it with this the official Samsung S
charger back and you're in business for
wireless charging comes in black and
white we've got the white one here to
match our wife phone as you can see we
got these gold contacts on the inside
there it requires a fair bit of force to
snap it on and it is a fair bit thicker
than the standard back no surprises
there really is the standard back cover
is extremely thin and the components are
wireless charging to take up some space
so it's noticeable change and if you
look around the back you see a pretty
hefty difference between the back of the
phone and the LED flash anyway with a
galaxy s4 set up for wireless charging
what we need is a charger to get started
and the Samsung wireless charging kit
comes with the official charging pad
surrounded almost like a plate and it's
a little bit larger than the phone
itself the top is matte texture to stop
things falling off the sides are shiny
plastic and the base is rubberized to
hold everything in place
so once it's plugged in it's just a case
of placing the phone on the pad and
start charging automatically you can see
we get a little pop-up message telling
us the phone's charging away wirelessly
it charges at six hundred and fifty
million which is pretty reasonable to
put that in perspective charging over
USB to the computer will give you five
hundred milliamps most AC charges will
charge over a thousand the s4 wall
charger actually charges a mm that's a
full two amps so that's still going to
be a best bet for a fast charge that
said the main benefit of wireless
charging is convenience not speed both
parts the s4 wireless charging kit uses
the qi wireless charging standard which
means that should work just as well with
any other qi device so if you already
got a qi wireless charging pad chances
are you'll just be able to buy the
wireless charging back for the phone
it'll work just fine with what you
already have sames you've got another
phone that supports Qi charging for
example we've got the nexus 4 here and
that works perfectly with the galaxy s4
charging pad so that's a quick look at
the Samsung wireless charging kit for
the galaxy s4 the bottom line is you're
trading extra thickness for the added
convenience of wireless charging and
whether that's worth it or not to use
you can depend on how you use the phone
and how important the thin sleek design
is to you we've got a full write-up of
wireless charging on the galaxy s4 of
run Android central
on and a bunch more gs4 videos on our
YouTube channel so we should have
subscribe and thanks for watching
[Music]